:memo: Showcase on website/documentation as reward for contributor (#43)
zenika-open-source/open-source-promotion-cheat-sheet: README.md

<summary>🏆 Reward contributors</summary>
<p>

> > Be nice with people that helped you! Some open-source projects like [gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) reward contributors with goodies. If you can't afford that, do a public post (on twitter or other platforms) about the contribution and mention the author ([here is an example of public thanks](https://twitter.com/FranckAbgrall/status/1139470547492978688)). Open a `Contributors` section in your README to publicly thanks them (ex: [vuepress contributors section](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress#code-contributors)) or showcase them on your project documentation/website (ex: [Rythm.js demo page](https://okazari.github.io/Rythm.js/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Be nice with people that helped you! Some open-source projects like [gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) reward contributors with goodies. If you can't afford that, do a public post (on twitter or other platforms) about the contribution and mention the author ([here is an example of public thanks](https://twitter.com/FranckAbgrall/status/1139470547492978688)). Open a `Contributors` section in your README to publicly thanks them or showcase them on your project documentation/website. Here some examples :
>
> - [vuepress (contributors README section)](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress#code-contributors)
> - [Rythm.js (random highlighted contributor on demo page)](https://okazari.github.io/Rythm.js/)
```

> > Be nice with people that helped you! Some open-source projects like [gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) reward contributors with goodies. If you can't afford that, do a public post (on twitter or other platforms) about the contribution and mention the author ([here is an example of public thanks](https://twitter.com/FranckAbgrall/status/1139470547492978688)). Open a `Contributors` section in your README to publicly thanks them (ex: [vuepress contributors section](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress#code-contributors)). You can also showcase them on your project documentation/website (ex: [Rythm.js demo page](https://okazari.github.io/Rythm.js/))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Be nice with people that helped you! Some open-source projects like [gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby) reward contributors with goodies. If you can't afford that, do a public post (on twitter or other platforms) about the contribution and mention the author ([here is an example of public thanks](https://twitter.com/FranckAbgrall/status/1139470547492978688)). Open a `Contributors` section in your README to publicly thanks them (ex: [vuepress contributors section](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress#code-contributors)) or showcase them on your project documentation/website (ex: [Rythm.js demo page](https://okazari.github.io/Rythm.js/))
```
